CSCB58 Project Report: Winter 2019

Team Member A
-------------
First Name: Yuesen
Last Name: Dong
Student Number: 1002387632
UofT E-mail Address: sinclair.dong@mail.utoronto.ca


Team Member B
-------------
First Name: Ryland
Last Name: Wang
Student Number: 1004349797
UofT E-mail Address: ryland.wang@mail.utoronto.ca

Team Member C 
-------------
First Name: Yu-Ting 
Last Name: Wang
Student Number: 1004340331
UofT E-mail Address: yutingwang.wang@mail.utoronto.ca

Team Member D
-------------
First Name: Yuk-Ming
Last Name: Lam
Student Number: 1002329358
UofT E-mail Address: carlosyukming.lam@mail.utoronto.ca


Project Plan
--------

Project Title: BattleCity Tanks


Provide a one paragraph description of your project:
	A 2 (or multi)-player 2-d tank battle game. The objective is to defeat your opponent by shooting him/her while navigating around the map.
	Our current idea of the map has a size of 8x8 and will have destructible walls if time permits.

What is your plan for the first week? 
	- Implement graphics of the tank and (empty) map
	- Implement tank movement
	- Implement keyboard input

What is your plan for the second week?
	- Add (non-destructible) walls
	- Implement the firing of projectiles
	- Projectile collision (with tank/another projectile).
	Essentially, put the game together with the limited features to test and make sure we are on the right track.

What is your plan for the third week?
	Finish up anything we haven't finished in the previous weeks, and make sure the game is running with limited features.
	If time permits, add destructible terrain and options for more players. 

What is your backup plan if things don’t work out as planned?
	We would make do with the game with more limited features. The schedule is made so that we implement basic features first to get at
	least the base of the game working (e.g. movement in a map with no walls/non-destructible walls, projectile collision with just tank).
	The details are implemented later.

Weekly Reports
--------------
<In this space, provide a report each week of what worked and what didn't, and what (if any) changes were made to your proposal)>


[This is an example of a report where things didn't go so well.]
Week 1: 
	We added and tested the sensors and the main FSM. 
	The distance sensor we had intended to use didn't work as expected (wasn't precise enough at further distances, only seems to work accurately within 5-10cm), so instead we've decided to change the project to use a light sensor instead.
	Had trouble getting the FSM to work (kept getting stuck in state 101, took longer to debug than expected), so we may not be able to add the high score feature. We have updated that in the project description as an optional feature.



References
----------
<In this space clearly indicate all external sources used in this project. If you used anyone else's code (from previous B58 projects or other sources) clearly indicate what you used and where you found it. Usage of any material not credited in this space will be considered plagiarism. It is absolutely OK and expected to update this section as you progress in the projected.

Make sure to document what you added on top of the existing work, especially if you work with a previous project. What is it that YOU added?>

	The game we are (re)creating can be found: https://oldgameshelf.com/battle-city-98.html

Repo & Video
------------
<At the end of the project, provide links to your code repository and presentation video (and passwords if not public>
https://github.com/sinclairdong/CSCB58_Project
NOTE: the github repo is currently private as school policy against publishing un submitted assignment
NOTE: Will be public if instrctor gives permission

Video will be uploaded latter
